[2.15] Update 'current' volume-claim-template link to be version specific. (#8349)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/operating-eck/eck-permissions.asciidoc

|Pod||no|Assuring expected Pods presence during Elasticsearch reconciliation, safely deleting Pods during configuration changes and validating `podTemplate` by dry-run creation of Pods.
|Endpoint||no|Checking availability of service endpoints.
|Event||no|Emitting events concerning reconciliation progress and issues.

> |PersistentVolumeClaim||no|Expanding existing volumes. Check link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-on-k8s/{eck_version}/k8s-volume-claim-templates.html#k8s_updating_the_volume_claim_settings[docs] to learn more.

Reviewer: Should it be `eck_release_branch`?
```suggestion
|PersistentVolumeClaim||no|Expanding existing volumes. Check link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-on-k8s/{eck_release_branch}/k8s-volume-claim-templates.html#k8s_updating_the_volume_claim_settings[docs] to learn more.
```
